Add scaffold (#2287)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/learn/security-foundations/security-testing-workflow.md

- **Pre-receive Hooks:** Depending on platform support, these serve as a final gate before code reaches the main branch.
- **SCM Integration Features:** Diff-aware scanning helps security tools focus on newly changed code, while automated comments on pull requests give developers immediate feedback. Status checks can also block merges for specific high-confidence rules.
- **Build Integration:** Teams can choose between incremental scans for speed or full scans for comprehensive coverage, depending on the stage of the build.

### Reporting and Tracking

Security findings need to be tracked and communicated effectively to avoid becoming noise.

- **Output Formats:** Supporting common formats such as SARIF, JSON, CSV, and SBOM ensures compatibility with other systems.
- **Dashboard Requirements:** Dashboards should go beyond raw counts of vulnerabilities, offering trend analysis, mean time to remediation (MTTR), vulnerability density metrics, and adoption rates among developers. They should also make it easy to triage findings, and update rules to increase confidence.

> - **Team Communication:** Automated workflows ensures the right findings are prioritized and fixed within the required timeframes. The tool should integrate with the ticketing system, like Jira or Linear. It could also be enabled to send notifications to Slack or Teams, or even used for triggering webhooks for custom integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Team Communication:** Automated workflows ensures the right findings are prioritized and fixed within the required time frames. The tool should integrate with the ticketing system, like Jira or Linear. It could also be enabled to send notifications to Slack or Teams, or even used for triggering webhooks for custom integrations.
```
